docs(apisix): add getting started tutorial (#18)
api7/docs: apisix_versioned_docs/version-3.1.0/getting-started/get-apisix.md

---
title: Get APISIX
slug: /getting-started/get-apisix
---

Apache APISIX is a dynamic, real-time, high-performance API Gateway, and is a top-level project of the Apache Software Foundation. 

You can use APISIX API Gateway as a traffic entrance to process all business data, including dynamic routing, dynamic upstream, dynamic certificates, A/B testing, canary release, blue-green deployment, limit rate, defense against malicious attacks, metrics, monitoring alarms, service observability, service governance, etc. 

> This tutorial will use a script to quickly install Apache APISIX in your local environment and verify it through the Admin API. You can also use [API7 Cloud](https://api7.ai/cloud), a Cloud-host service, to install and experience APISIX. API7 Cloud is still in the stage of invitation to use, please fill out the [form](https://api7.ai/contact) to contact us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a script to quickly install [Apache APISIX](https://api7.ai/apisix) in your local environment and verify it through the Admin API. You can also use [API7 Cloud](https://api7.ai/cloud), a Cloud-host service, to manage APISIX.
```

## Preparation

> A quick-start script is used to quickly install the Apache APISIX. It relies on several tools that are essential below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quickstart script relies on several components:
```

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is used to install the containered **etcd** and **APISIX**.
* [curl](https://curl.se/) is used to send requests to APISIX for validation.

## Get APISIX
        
The APISIX can be easily installed and started with the quickstart script.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -sL https://run.api7.ai/apisix/quickstart | sh
```

> This script runs containers for APISIX and etcd locally with Docker. APISIX uses etcd to save and synchronize configuration. Both the etcd and the APISIX use [**host**](https://docs.docker.com/network/host/) Docker network mode. That is, the APISIX can be accessed from local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command runs APISIX and etcd locally with Docker. APISIX uses etcd to save and synchronize configuration. Both the etcd and the APISIX use [**host**](https://docs.docker.com/network/host/) Docker network mode. That is, the APISIX can be accessed from local.
```

If everything is ok, you will see the following message.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

✔ APISIX is ready!
```

> ## Verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validation
```

> Once APISIX is running, you can use curl to access the [Admin API](https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/admin-api/). ​A simple HTTP request can be used to verify that APISIX is working properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once APISIX is running, you can use curl to access the [Admin API](https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/admin-api/). ​A simple HTTP request can be used to validate that APISIX is working properly.
```

Reviewer 2: 不应该有 https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/admin-api/ 这类的外部链接。应该都用docs.api7.ai 的链接
